Each player plays a single card from hand during his or her turn. With that card, the player may pick up cards from the table or
decide to just end turn there. The value of the cards picked must be exactly the value of the played card, eg. if the player plays
the nine of clubs, he must pick cards from the table so that the value of the picked cards are 9 (like a 6 and a 3). A player may
take cards from the table as many as the combinations add up to the card played from hand (eg. when you play a 9 you can pick a 6 and 3
AND a 9). There are a few special cards that's value change whether they are in the player's hand or on the table:
An ace is 14 in hand, 1 on table 2 of spades is 15 in hand, 2 on table 10 of diamonds is 16 in hand, 10 on table
All the rest of the cards are as they are.

The cards picked go to the players own stack until the end of the round when the points are counted. The points are as follows:
1 point for each ace in your collected stack
1 point for the 2 of spades
2 points for the 10 of diamonds
1 point for each time you emptied the table (ie. took all the cards from the table)
1 point for the player who collected most cards
2 points for the player who collected the most spades.

The game is played until 16 points and the points are counted after each round. A round ends when no player has any cards in their hand
and after each turn the player draws one card so that they have 4 cards in hand all the time. If more than one player has over 16 points
after a round, the winner is the player with most points.

About the console:
On the sidepanel are all the buttons for the player. With the "End turn" button you may end your turn AFTER you have played a card from
your hand, which is displayed on the right. "Play card" button plays the selected card from your hand as long as you haven't taken any
cards from the table. After taking cards, the selected card is locked. With the "Take cards" button, the player may take cards from the table
as long as the value matches the played card. The table is in the middle and selecting cards from either the table or the hand works just by
simply clicking the card. A card from the hand is always selected after you initially select one, since a turn always includes one played card.
On the bottom there is a text area, where basic information of the game is displayed (eg. who's turn it is and what they have done during their
turn).